[doc] Fix uncovered while deprecated term 'tensor' occurance (#1653)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/scalar_tensor.rst

Scalar fields
=============

**Taichi fields** are used to store data.

> Field **elements** could be either scalar, vector or matrix (see :ref:`matrix`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field **elements** could be either a scalar, a vector, or a matrix (see :ref:`matrix`).
```

> We'll only talk about **scalar fields** in this chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this paragraph, we will only talk about **scalar fields**, whose elements are simply scalars.
```

> Field **dimensions** could be either 0D, 1D, 2D, 3D, ...

Reviewer 2: We use `either` two lines above. Maybe replace it with other word can make the readers happier.
```suggestion
Field **dimensions** could be arbitrary, including but not limited to 0D, 1D, 2D...
```

> Field **dimensions** could be arbitrary, including but not limited to 0D, 1D, 2D...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields can have up to eight **dimensions**.
```

> - 0D fields are simply scalars, it only contains one scalar value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 0D fields are simply scalars, they only contain one scalar value on each entry.
```

Author: Sorry, didn't get the point... A 0D field only have one entry, why we need `each`?

Author: ```suggestion
- 0D fields are simply scalars, they only contain one scalar value.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I agree.

- 1D fields are simply 1D arrays for people from C/C++.

> - 2D fields are be used to save images, or matrices for people from Matlab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 2D fields are used to save images, or matrices for people from Matlab.
```

> - 2D fields are simply 2D arrays, images, or matrices for people from Matlab.

Reviewer 2: ```
- 2D fields are simply 2D arrays, images, or matrices for people from Matlab.
```
This sentence seems not quite clear, Would here be a better expression? ;-)

> - 3D fields can save the properties of a space volume, e.g., temperature field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 3D fields can save the properties of a space volume, e.g., a temperature field.
```

> - 0D fields are simply scalars, they only contain one scalar value.
> - 1D fields are simply 1D arrays for people from C/C++.
> - 2D fields are used to save images, or matrices for people from Matlab.
> - 3D fields can save the properties of a space volume, e.g., a temperature field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A 0D scalar field is simply a single scalar.
- A 1D scalar field is a 1D linear array.
- A 2D scalar field can be used to represent a 2D regular grid of values. For example, a gray-scale image.
- A 3D scalar field can be used for volumetric data.
```

> Fields can have different shape:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fields can have different shapes:
```

Reviewer 2: here maybe we should use plural nouns?

- The shape of a 0D field is always a **empty tuple**, e.g. ``shape=()``.
- The shape of a 1D field is **the length of array**, e.g. ``shape=512``.

> - The shape of a 2D field is **resultion of a image**, e.g. ``shape=(1024, 768)``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The shape of a 2D field is **the resolution of a image**, e.g. ``shape=(1024, 768)``.
```

> Fields can have different shapes:
> 
> - The shape of a 0D field is always a **empty tuple**, e.g. ``shape=()``.
> - The shape of a 1D field is **the length of array**, e.g. ``shape=512``.
> - The shape of a 2D field is **the resolution of a image**, e.g. ``shape=(1024, 768)``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This part doesn't really deliver much information.

Fields could be either dense or sparse, see ref:`sparse` for details on sparse

> fields. We'll only talk about **dense fields** in this chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields. We will only talk about **dense fields** in this paragraph.
```

> .. note::
> 
>    We once used the term **tensor** instead of **field**, please caution about
>    these old documentations using *tensor*. We will soon deprecate the term
>    *tensor* in the future for clarity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
As far as I know, we will have deprecated all `tensor` in our documents as far as this PR is merged.
Maybe simply have a reminder for our readers that, "We have used `tensor` before, but they are deprecated. It's time to use `field`" is enough?

Author: Currently `ti.var` is not fully deprecated yet and many GAMES 201 students are still using *tensor*, including some of my old posts on zhihu. Let's only consider remove this `note` after `v0.7.0` or even `v0.8.0`.

>    We once used the term **tensor** instead of **field**, please caution about
>    these old documentations using *tensor*. We will soon deprecate the term
>    *tensor* in the future for clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We once used the term **tensor** instead of **field**. **Tensor** will no longer be used.
```
